let's go catch some holy spirit I'm
talking chin you talk your religion
night talking sin
self-realization mana chief and saying
free the name reason man open up the
third eye sleep within open up the earth
while I'm leaping in the one with the
deep early my seat but then I see the
tree beginning you ever need the wind
that's why I keep a pair to say about
the pen gentlemen it's good to meet
again but there's a ritual is in the
ethernet all the candles
Santeria we are united Pangea she's
dancing on Lord Jesus light slow can't
see us we moving fast to cheetahs Naked
Juice can't beat it her drinks a virgin
she claim vegan I'm a vegetable you are
what you eat that sight see I'm out of
sight see I'm an Earthling but I'm
lightning I'm jungle when I am fighting
and you're among gold when i'm slicing
individual Arcanum is that click you
want these roots hang from a pouch
around my neck my herbal allies affect
my aura while they protect now I am
shielded from demons the evil eye
nothing negative could reach my spirit
so hate I can't even hear it
I'm surrounded by Catholics Saints I got
my candle lit up I hear the voices in a
channel lit ho the seven African power
was coming after the house policies
coming treason staying on top of the cow
was the stay in time for the town by
staying in tune with the forest on top
of the mountains meditating root chakra
sex chakra I'm creative solar plexus
heart chakra throat chakra illuminated
third I navigate crown chakra levitate I
build beside I'll give me number the
Haggadah hippies of my somewhere to roam
in the night and then a woman to ride
she's so spiritual party a new garden
what a visual I like my women so damn
sensual and she don't need no he/she get
your right of this ritual like that sage
let's the stage call your guides by
their names call your God to this plane
let them fall through the portal to the
back of the brain to the world of the
mortals and chain
take a breath let your eyes roll to the
back of your head let your mind go over
the light glow in the night and then go
insane let the music take you any pain
to a Hayek Arisa the third I realize
everything in illusion alcohol marijuana
his pollution evolution is attained by
the summer - - did who was studied over
time harmonize the body in the mind I'm
gonna open my the mute egg and you know
i like the music i'm addicted to the
drums my truck and I'm gonna use it but
she move into the beat i'ma lose it who
is it she's the goddess of the ceiling
because she wanna see I gotta iron with
the iron science with the heart of a
stallion with the soul of a giant who -
I'm an iron medicine this mine with a
splash it comes with a pinch of the
satellite dish not huge but I'm trying
to communicate with the radiant alien
being seen on Orion
I'm a hoodoo man makes for the Zulu guru
I'm a full-grown lion
Pisces are the high seas and a mighty
better yet call me
in the urban Arcanum is that click you
want your way all day were you in a
spirit like this I really don't need
nothing no soap ritual you don't need no
wig a new paradigm for your mind no
alcohol hey we call it our own spirits
you wait dance with a girl Mike's a
clever dance what your guides sure the
guy